Add docs for Full text search and UDTFs. (#1031)
spiceai/docs: website/docs/features/search/index.md

import DocCardList from '@theme/DocCardList';

Spice provides advanced search capabilities that go beyond standard SQL queries, offering both traditional SQL search patterns, semantic (vector-based) search, and full text search functionality.

## Vector Search

Vector-based search requires configured data sources (connectors or accelerators) in addition to embeddings. These embeddings convert data to numerical representations that can be used by machine learning models, facilitating similarity comparisons for more advanced search capabilities.

> Configuring embeddings is crucial for the effectiveness of vector-based search. For detailed instructions on setting up embeddings, refer to [Configured Embeddings](/docs/components/embeddings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring embeddings is required for vector-based search. For detailed instructions on setting up embeddings, refer to [Configured Embeddings](/docs/components/embeddings).
```

For performing vector-based search, see [Vector-Based Search](/docs/features/search/vector-search).

## Full Text Search

Full text search provides keyword based retrieval for a dataset. Search specific indexes are required to be added to the underlying columns of importance. This provides an efficient lookup and counting of words within rows and the table more broadly.

> For performing full text search, see [Full text Search](/docs/features/search/vector-search).

Reviewer: This link is going to vector search?

For performing vector-based search, see [Vector-Based Search](/docs/features/search/vector-search).

## Full Text Search

> Full text search provide keyword based retrieval for a dataset. Search specific indexes are required to be added to the underlying columns of importance. This provides an efficient lookup and counting of words within rows and the table more broadly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Full text search supports keyword based retrieval for a dataset. Search specific indexes are required to be added to the underlying columns of importance. This provides an efficient lookup and counting of words within rows and the table more broadly.
```

For performing full text search, see [Full text Search](/docs/features/search/vector-search).

## Hybrid Search

> Spice can handle a hybrid search solution based on the above mentioned [full-text](#full-text-search) and [vector](#vector-search) functionality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Spice supports hybrid search utilizing [full-text search](#full-text-search) and [vector search](#vector-search) functionality.
```

    date_published > '2021-01-01'
```

### SQL UDTFs
Similar to the above mentioned [vector search](#vector-search) and [full text search](#full-text-search), Spice supports SQL equivalent user-defined table functions (UDTF).

To perform a vector search
```sql
SELECT id, extra_column, score
FROM vector_search(my_table, 'search query')
WHERE date_published > '2021-01-01'
ORDER BY score desc
LIMIT 5
```

For an entire specification of the `vector_search` UDTF, see [Vector-Based Search](/docs/features/search/vector-search#sql-udtf).

Similarly, for full text search use the `text_search` UDTF
```sql
SELECT id, extra_column, score
FROM text_search(my_table, 'search terms')
WHERE date_published > '2021-01-01'
ORDER BY score desc
LIMIT 5
```

> For an entire specification of the `text_search` UDTF, see [Full text Search](/docs/features/search/vector-search#sql-udtf).

Reviewer: This also links to vector search
